# Movie-Analysis
Parsing, Analyzing and Visualizing Character Interactions in Unstructured Movie Scripts.

Parses unstructured movie script data from IMSDb (Internet Movie Script Database), performs sentiment analysis and displays the data in an interactive way.

Developed as a project for the TDT4310 - *Intelligent Text Analytics and Language Understanding* course at NTNU.

## Visualizing data

Open `display/index.html` in a web browser to get started (tested on Google Chrome / Firefox).
You will then be prompted to import an analyzed movie script: select any script in the `data/analyzed` directory.
These scripts were generated by running `script_analyzer.py` - feel free to have a look at the source and generate analyzed scripts for other movies.

## Disclaimer

Section 107. Limitations on exclusive rights: Fair use

Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. In determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include -

(1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes;

(2) the nature of the copyrighted work;

(3) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and

(4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work.

The fact that a work is unpublished shall not itself bar a finding of fair use if such finding is made upon consideration of all the above factors.

All structured movie scripts delivered with this project are for educational purposes only. None of the parsed scripts are/or will be sold.